Dev/1.12.1 (#27)
hms-networks/sc-ewon-flexy-extensions-lib: CHANGELOG.md

# Ewon Flexy Extensions Library Changelog

## Version 1.12.1
### Features
- N/A
### Bug Fixes
- N/A
### Other

> - Deprecated the PreAllocatedStringBuilder.java class in favor of the Java native StringBuffer class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated the PreAllocatedStringBuilder.java class in favor of the Apache Commons Lang library StrBuilder class (org.apache.commons.lang.text.StrBuilder)
```

Author: fixed - Can't believe I missed that 👎
